[DAG] Serve Deployment Graph documentation and tutorial. (#23512)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/index.rst

  :ref:`Tensorflow, and Keras <serve-tensorflow-tutorial>`, to :ref:`Scikit-Learn <serve-sklearn-tutorial>` models, to arbitrary Python business logic.
- **Python-first**: Configure your model serving declaratively in pure Python, without needing YAML or JSON configs.

> Ray Serve enables :ref:`seamless deployment graph (also known as model composition) <serve-deployment-graph>`. You can
> write your inference deployment graph all in code and integrate business logic with ML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ray Serve enables composing multiple ML models into a :ref:`deployment graph <serve-deployment-graph>`. This allows you to write a complex inference service consisting of multiple ML models and business logic all in Python code.
```

Reviewer: Suggestion above, high-level point:
1) Existing phrasing isn't proper grammar.
2) Let's be consistent with the terminology (call it a deployment graph everywhere).

2. Alternatively, call them from :ref:`within your existing Python web server <serve-web-server-integration-tutorial>` using the Python-native :ref:`servehandle-api`.

.. note::

>   Serve recently added an experimental first-class API for deployment graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Serve recently added an experimental API for building deployment graphs of multiple models.
```

Maybe link "deployment graph" docs here instead of in the next sentence?

Author: sg

Ray Serve is a flexible tool that's easy to use for deploying, operating, and monitoring Python-based machine learning applications.
Ray Serve excels when you want to mix business logic with ML models and scaling out in production is a necessity. This might be because of large-scale batch processing

> requirements or because you want to scale up a model deployment graph consisting of many individual models with different performance properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requirements or because you want to scale up a deployment graph consisting of many individual models with different performance properties.
```
